feat(treesitter): expand the API (#22401)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/treesitter.txt

    Check if the node is missing. Missing nodes are inserted by the parser in
    order to recover from certain kinds of syntax errors.

TSNode:extra()                                          *TSNode:extra()*
    Check if the node is extra. Extra nodes represent things like comments,

>     which are not required the grammar, but can appear anywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    which are not required by the grammar but can appear anywhere.
```

    Note: The `id` is not guaranteed to be unique for nodes from different
    trees.

TSNode:tree()                                           *TSNode:tree()*

>     Get the TSTree of the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Get the |TSTree| of the node.
```

TSNode:named_descendant_for_range({start_row}, {start_col}, {end_row}, {end_col})
    Get the smallest named node within this node that spans the given range of
    (row, column) positions
                                                        *TSNode:equal()*
TSNode:equal({node})

>     Check if two nodes are identical.

Reviewer: "Identical" (`===`) or "equal" (`==`)?

Author: 🤷  this is passed directly to treesitter and the text here was copied from `treesitter/api.h`. I'm hoping it is `==` as opposed `===` since I think `===` is just pointer equality.

Reviewer: Might be good to be a bit more explicit here -- using two different words (with customarily different meaning) can be confusing. I'll do a bit of research and make a proposal.

Reviewer: How about
```
Check if {node} is part of the same tree and has the same id.
```
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter/blob/c51896d32dcc11a38e41f36e3deb1a6a9c4f4b14/lib/src/node.c#L430-L432

Reviewer 2: That sounds too technical. The point is they refer to _the same_ node within the same tree. checking the id is just the efficient way to verify that.

Author: Dam, this makes it basically useless. I'll keep it in, but I don't have a use for this. Thanks for looking into it.

Reviewer: > they refer to the same node within the same tree. 

Yes, that is a better way of putting it here.

>     Check if two nodes are the same within the same tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Check if {node} refers to the same node within the same tree.
```
(feels a bit weird to talk about "two nodes" with only one argument...)
